because like right with a namesake
United mineral ooh yeah that's listen
boy he drew I don't know if he let go of
that bauble opportunity just choose not
to do it or he messed it up I get it now
fight it
not sure how good his uh oh the little
bit of my technical years I wasn't very
nice combo it appears honestly like mike
is it really interested and wobbly and
see like it looks like he's trying to
practice like yeah the more legit combos
something might say that was always love
seeing them the D syncs with the
blizzard of course they always found the
watch window yeah it seems like me is
taking a lot of areas into his game plan
right now yeah in my mind I would think
mark one wants to stick to the ground
but maybe moves to know something I
don't I'm not imagining so whoa I I
don't really play this matchup too often
but I definitely think that you serve
yourself better by doing that see the
down tail down tilts down tilting and
staying grounded is usually what I try
to do I tried not to take to the sky
that much extra and that is not safe
this phase just attack yeah
he could have been doing anything that's
not safe is it's worse at a matchup like
this we're getting grabbed at once could
be the end for you it's so difficult to
Poquette popo while managing a religion
as anything yeah yet opportunity there
to go to kill mana he dropped it he's
opting to go for po po what's up all
right that time that I was just that no
I go he's like get out of here Nintendo
with the pressure creative pressures
music whoa I say he's talking with the
soap oh right now sokal sokal arguably
win the worst character in the game
right now harewood curvy and Roy but I
heard that Nintendo X actually is one of
those people who like has really tried
to up his sopo game considering like you
know the strategy a lot of the strategy
revolves getting rid of his partner so
I've heard that he will practice is so
PO for like hours you know things like a
necessity at this point yeah and it's
working out for him right now he's doing
really well to sopo but uh he gets an
air doubt I don't think he's gonna make
him back you don't think so they have a
pretty decent recovery especially
outside view / coffee yeah but I mean I
was like based on the DI and the
distance i was just like he's not
getting back as you can see there like
he's able to down tail through even if
some shielded whoa
boof reacted to that one but even if you
shield like light shield with one he can
still down till the other ice climber
reduction John smash interrupting him
while he falls down so he can't crouch
cancer-free oh my god that setup was
godlike I must have been a super read on
the tournament with her he's reading
into next year yeah hey he's definitely
reading in the next chapter that we're
all chapter 11 he's on 12 but this isn't
impossible in down smash could send mark
right off stage great Pope using the
Delta to cover the ledge let's see if
Nintendo can make it back mines
including on the state all right show up
all of a sudden we got a 11 stuff patch
no talking yeah nana is definitely a
level was 0.5 computer oh that was a
good drag gets right from the noob he's
nodding you know he's like it got me I
found the question is we're weird vibe
you like them high five so where do you
want to go what would you where would
you go that's the question resides right
yeah like
CSD re battlefield I respected I
respected i was thinking like I look at
it like I wouldn't go to FD just because
the wop the wobbling danger like I don't
like going to the skies but it sometimes
you need the platform to outmaneuver
them you know for my games and stuff but
oh my god was that it looked like he
stayed he threw him into it update that
I love these things why Scotland it's
actually like super entertaining than
110 do trying to push the metagame into
the next year yeah he's definitely
trying to go like everybody's got their
movement that was nice board smash but
new but like every character has their
movement like you got 20 BC although the
moon is trying to lead the charge along
with you know I give it like PP and
other marks like you PU you have 20 GX
you know the Florida Falcons yeah and
like right now Nintendo's should've
joined that like 20 ice ice you know or
whatever you call it with the ice
climber ice age yeah i heard that nice
try to start the ice days all over again
he said global warming is not and he
saves nano yeah that was beast he gets a
monster tipard and that is still should
have put on two percent
so Chris blizzards are so strong as i
drive via the brigade's are are super
good i'm tired of seeing blizzards man
spring is here yeah your right wrist
it's definitely too like I'm ready for
some sunshine some sweat some kool-aid
didn't take the ledge what or why ok fix
it this time nice crab I see what he has
in his back pocket this one because it
straight up back here yeah Freddie I'm
pretty standard but up he's definitely
pulling away with the set right now like
the noob would have to have like three
perfect stocks at this point is throwing
out dates for smashing even though that
was aimed at nana it's just to like you
yes again it could have been worse you
know yeah right now it's a it's looking
like it's about to be GG in handshake
especially after this girl but he
wiggles out at 83 men wiggle out that's
actually pretty good yeah it was
actually a very impressive mashing he
must have oh that's going to do it down
smash takes it and on in 10 dudes moving
on the noob set to losers oh you can see
the test I can we in there
so that was I was just so far as I was
actually really fun to watch yeah I mean
a i feel i can throw up tilt into
forward smash or whatever he was doing
but I feel like a lot of like i sees
man's get a lot of slack now sometimes I
mean depending on your philosophy it
could be deserved it could not be
deserved but I think the main reason is
like the the wobble which is everybody's
main fear it was like the last remaining
truly unescapable thing